I want to listen to music at night
Before they signed the contract
Advancement Department and Huanyi Group please make an appointment
Such a double adventure
Or nothing
Or Qin Shaoming
At that time
This night hall is completely dead
In the end, you have to come and save me
I don't mind having another pair of sisters either
Then I want to make it big.
OK
Let you make it big
This night court
Just one of my playthings
Wanting
I'm coming for you.
As if writing
Why are you here?
Wanting, I thought about it all night last night
I realized I shouldn't have done this to you.
We're a family.
Shouldn't speak two languages
We should work together.
Overcoming family difficulties?
Sister Wanru, do you really think so?
OK
I'm so glad you understand.
But anyway.
Working so late
Must be hard
Hey
You sit first
You see
This is the chicken soup I made just for you
You need a drink?
I was sick.
Thank you, Sister Wanru.
Thank you for what?
Drink it, I'm cold
Sister Wanru has a heart
How does it hurt?
How about it? You must be too tired.
You have to rest
Xie Wanting
Don't blame me for being cold